you're honoring women of pioneers at a
time when we are dishonoring of women
where we are silencing talented girls so
how does the most powerful man celebrity
in the country feel about I think I
think in most of the life and I'm not
being a cynic or sad about something I
think they are going to be issues all
the time the ones that you Mitch
mentioned are downright disgusting she
pissed and the wrongest thing to happen
to mankind not just to unkind and one
does not in any which we condone it or
have any respect for anyone and the good
part is that they're people now with
voices we're talking against it I think
rules and regulations will move faster
although silencing people who want to
express them yeah but that's that's
something that's a sign of changing
times because there will be few who
think they are the ones who know how to
talk and who to allow to speak
having said that honoring these four
wonderful woman a tag wire or any I
think I honor women whenever I'm given a
chance in a film on stage on theater I
honor I honor you as you sit next to me
because I and I say this with lot of
love whether it's misconstrued or not
that I love women I've been brought up
by women
I've been looked after by which I am Who
I am because of it so my logic is that
these little moments of positivity which
happened where we can celebrate the
greatness of womankind is I'm just
extremely happy that I can be part of it
and I'm speaking to a rather very and
disgruntled Shahrukh Khan at the moment
I mean do you think freedom of
expression needs to be redefined no not
at all if you want your ticker tape to
say disgruntle angry cynical I can say
that word but now I'm not disgruntled or
cynical or angry I'm just I do
understand that you know I need to learn
how to express myself better and I
thought I knew it in 20 years of acting
as like we're doing it perfectly fine
but why have you just said that I'll
loan you talk about my movies why not
express like then you talk about my
voice I think it's much better but your
opinion matters I think my opinion and
movies will matter even more and much
better and much nice
and you know anything political
religious and all the stuff I have I
think I'll talk to my children and teach
them about it
as far as I'm concerned seriously I mean
jokes apart not being cynical but I
think yeah it's important you know talk
to me about my films the songs and
dances my poster and the next release
it's much nicer
easy I also know more about it and
because sometimes for any artist when
your words are misconstrued oh not
really I mean you know when I when a
public figure expresses himself or
herself
I think they open themselves to
discussion negative or positive I've
learned that and when it comes to my
movies I know that and I accept it when
it comes to just having a conversation
about things that matter to me and I
assume would matter to others also I
think the assumption is wrong that it
matters to others I think the assumption
should be the matters to me give it to
us off
write it in my laptop and read it to my
children and lastly you're the king of
romance were the five women you wish you
had romance with celluloid a hundred
percent whatever
Madhubala gee I think my father was a
big fan I'm a big fan so obviously we're
gonna talk about the ones I could not
romance because I am the most most of
the member men Singh as we speak sir
Madhubala then there is a waiter a
mangie I think Saira Bano ji I'm talking
about this Indian ladies right now I
would have I would have liked to have
met PT Usha at least i still can maybe I
think she's extremely wonderful and
beautifully I would have liked to spend
a little more time with a mrs. Indira
Gandhi okay thank you so much and all
off to Howard so to give a lecture okay
I don't know I've read in the newspaper
myself so don't believe everything
that's written don't even believe what
you say oh okay thank you so much in all
the way that and there's number one news
app
just got even better download NDTV's new
happy fully optimized for Retina display
full screen view
faster response time
and Sudoku
and ATVs new iPad app download now